.TH Nao 1 nao\-1.2.0
.SH NAME
nao \- cli space repetition flashcard program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nao
\fIcommand\fR [\fIDECK\fR]
.SH COMMANDS
Underlined arguments to the following commands are mandatory. Square brackets represent that multiple arguments can be fed to the command. All commands can be shortened to their first letter (i.e. "a" can be used instead of "add").
.TP
\fBadd\fR \fIDECK\fR \fIFRONT\fR \fIBACK\fR
Add a new flashcard with \fIFRONT\fR as front matter (question) and \fIBACK\fR as back matter (answer) to \fIDECK\fR. If \fIDECK\fR does not exists yet it will be created.
.TP
\fBreview\fR [\fIDECK\fR]
Review [\fIDECK\fR] in the given order.
.TP
\fBcram\fR [\fIDECK\fR]
Cram (study all flashcards) [\fIDECK\fR] in the given order.
.TP
\fBinfo\fR [\fIDECK\fR]
Display informations about [\fIDECK\fR].
.SH CONFIG
Nao is configured through the ~/.config/nao/naorc file. Each line of the naorc file must be composed of an option followed by an argument. White lines will be ignored and any error while reading the config file should be reported by Nao. Below is a list of the configurable options; "number" refer to an integer, "string" to a string of text; if the option figures alone then it's a boolean option and setting it inverts the default value. Options will ignore arguments after the first one except for the ones requiring a string that will consider everything till line break to be the given argument.
.TP
\fBinterval0\fR \fInumber\fR
Interval of days from first correct review of a card to the second. The default value is 1.
.TP
\fBinterval1\fR \fInumber\fR
Interval of days from second correct review of a card to the third. The default value is 2.
.TP
\fBmaxinterval\fR \fInumber\fR
Maximum interval of days between repetitions of the same flashcard. The default value is 0 which means that no check is done on the length of the repetition interval (i.e. it can become arbitrary large, depending on the user's performances with the card).
.TP
\fBlinelength\fR \fInumber\fR
Number of characters before linebreak. It must be an odd number, if even Nao will add 1 to it. Default value 79.
.TP
\fBdeckdir\fR \fIstring\fR
The directory in which your decks are. Nao can expand '~' to the home directory of the current user. Default value is "~/flashcards". Please note that if the deckdir does not exists you'll have to create it in order for Nao to use it.
.TP
\fBnoprompt\fR
Stops Nao from prompting for input while adding cards, useful for piping into nao add. Default value is false.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Github repository: <https://github.com/gRastello/nao>
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gabriele Rastello.
